You're a remarkable woman.
At my door, a good omen.
Oh, you're a spectacular woman.
How can you be so calm and clever?
Who told you to be so brave and tender?
How do you manage life and bender?
How come not a saint nor sinner?
How you enrich but never plunder?
You drift apart but merge like a river
Judging wisely, mostly an admirer
Of all that's been and all that's prior.
You're a remarkable woman.
Timeless in your own fashion.
At my door, a good omen.
Oh, you're a spectacular woman.
Words are just a tangled form of art.
With each one, there's a counterpart.
Like a big messy pile of jars.
Santa's here with a flying cart.
Remarking life here in a blizzard.
All I know is that you're my sweetheart.
Your touch like the warmth of a hearth.
With you, I vow never to part.
Timeless in your own fashion.
Nothing less than a mighty weapon.
You're a remarkable woman.
At my door, a good omen.
Oh, you're a spectacular woman.
I think about you all the time.
I've got no shame, no nothing to hide.
How is it going to be — all the walks of life
knowing I'd have your hand as my wife?